I wrote back down the lake in from the
second session of the two week period
last time I that nice rod Roach hybrid
and that's about it I think it's time
i'm going to try for tension wrote you
all and talk pretty much exactly what's
right for last time and stop hold out
again but I'm going to be fishing it in
this room as you might notice running
costs two rods so I see what happened
let's see what happens today as you can
see i'm fishing my pole but with two
rods displayed for playback classes you
might be able to see that bit of the
life signing the bag I've got my
groundbait which is just from sunny
Bates my crush with pellets casters
mixed maggots and corn also got a few of
them i also got so i've also got a few
of micro pellets in there as well your
fish flavored ones and I've forgotten
Who manufacturers who makes them but
yeah so hopefully help us made myself a
new doesnt sit over myself little makes
you panic pot on the ends of a lot of
clean maggots and classism with that
just with every ship out so just
constantly feeding really and every time
one per out starts going out of 8 i'm
just using them poke up so yeah we'll
give that a go
take the right hand lots of screaming
off and I think it's a little pain of
getting bubbles around where I am passed
out and I think it yes yes Michael
attention this is fighting the way down
there and letting tire himself out so I
try and land live I think it might be a
little mail hence it's a voice quite
harder than lecturing last hook down my
right my left hand 9 I think you might
be in my line on left hand rod coming
yeah got him 30 I Spencer's just saw
just 40 min just taking on buck top
sweet corn yep first fish of the day
absolutely lovely hard fighting fish as
you can see this tense is a male tense
you can see that by the very pronounced
abdominal fins and you can also see
there's a hard pelvic muscle there and
that shows that this is a male tench and
generally they fight a lot harder than
the females but often the females will
grow a lot bigger all right it's not
mental life I've got a small bomb with 2
b's outside of it running down to a
another be that closes the coach the
swivel linking the hooklink hurtling as
I say strips striptease star one would
think it was smooth shot in the bottom
near the hook where the braid is uncut I
said where the bread is cut then got two
bits and almost week going on with one
piece of fakes we go on to make it boom
so just pops up about that much off the
bottom really effective rig and this it
just comes in your session now yes I
quite nice guy had the nice tent I cut a
little rub as well about four inches
long I just started to fish the with
so does bit so yeah I'm just pop back up
put and keep that way that tench I
reckon 20 about 23 pounds are not big
fish but my first 10 to the year and
that's one step on my tent and cup
campaign and slake so I'm very happy
with that so achieve one goal now it's
the other one I've got chief since
actually thought this will be my last
video for quite a while wasn't
neighborhoods them I've got Medusa sees
coming up and I want to get down revise
those look a few months they end on
round junior 18 so the mic videos video
and between that there won't be many I
decided to tell you that right so i'll
see you whenever thanks what's my video
in tight lines Maria there's my bag of
fish for the day as you can see nice
tent i just weighed in and he's two and
a half pounds exactly so nice fish um i
think though he looks a bit bigger than
the answer is he looks about three
during a quarter to me but um perhaps
because it's just turn spring hasn't had
enough time to put on anyway but yeah i
also had a nice a lot of Rudd none of
any good size but a very typical spring
by efficient tent some Rudd fantastic